Hey there.
I want to add a quick note about what we just saw with Air being beat and how search Web sites like
being bi do and Google actually work.
Now you may have noticed that the user agent Google bought is well what Google uses to index Web sites.
What does that mean.
Well Google the way it works remember is a search engine.
What it does is it tries to figure out all the Web sites on the web and index them.
That is create a essentially a database of all these web pages so that when I google soup recipes google
gives me a Web site that has soup recipes now.
How does it know what Web sites have soup recipes.
Well it uses this Google Bob.
And this is how Google got started.
What they did was they had a crawler that is a program that crawled Web sites and read Web sites kind
of like we're about to do with web scraping to understand what the Web site is about.
If the Web site mentioned the word soup recipes or had different tacks to relate it to soup recipes.
Well Google board is going to say this Web site is about soup recipes.
So when Andre's searches.
Soup recipes I know that these Web sites are the ones that we want to show in and this is what Google
and being and bi do all do they have their own bots and they're constantly crawling Web sites to see
what is the most relevant Web site to give to a user.
So everybody here is saying Hey Google but when you come crawl my web site don't crawl any of these
things because I don't want you to.
But anything else that's not here you can crawl.
Now if you actually look through here this is not everything on Air B and B because Air B and B wants
Google to crawl the Web site.
Right.
If I search for vacation homes in Costa Rica Air B and B is interested for Google to post an Air B and
B link to the top of the search.
So what they disallow here is mostly user specific thing that Google shouldn't have access to like maybe
reservations or payments but there's a lot of other endpoints that are actually allowed for Google bought
to search.
For example Google bought is most likely allowed to look at all the houses available in Costa Rica and
actually ranked them so that when I type in Costa Rica house rental.
Well Google bought is going to say hey everybody has a link to Costa Rica houses will give that to this
user.
So anything that's not in this list.
Well we're allowed to use one tricky thing is that we see this allow here.
What this allow means it says hey calendar here is actually a disallowed endpoint.
However we allow inside of the calendar.
This I call folder you can access that one only.
But if it's not mentioned here.
So if anything in here on this list is not mentioned.
That is a lot.
So for example Air B and B dot slash that's allowed.
Because that wasn't on the list if I maybe click on experiences.
This is allowed because this dash S slash S slash experiences was not on the list.
So a Web site either has a robot stuck text file because maybe it doesn't want specific things scroll
or if it doesn't have a robust text file or just leaves it empty it means hey I don't care.
Google you can rank my Web site.
You can crawl my Web site.
That's good too.
And that's why I Air B and B had different information here.
We had specifically for Google board for being bought for all these search engines but also for everybody
else maybe programmers like us that want to scrape the Web site there you know we secretly learn how
Google and other search engines work.
Pretty cool right.
All right let's get back to the topic at hand.